1. Give a brief description of how your game is played and what (if any) game it is based off
of.

Sorry but with items

2. Your game must have some sort of "playing field"—a board, where cards are displayed,
etc, showing the current state of the game. Briefly describe what yours will look like.

the board is the playing field. It will have one set path, and will have the same
layout as the Sorry board.

3. Your game must have a consistent theme. What will it be?
	Midevil themed
	Pieces are messangers
	Start in Village
	End in Keep

4. You must have at least 3 different types of resource/game piece/card that
are related to each other. What are they?
a. These should be represented by one struct/enum class/class that you will define
	
	generic board space that inherets different states
		1) Generic - Does nothing
		2) Movment - moves the piece on it X spaces
		3) Roll again - Take another turn
		4) Get Item - Get an item card
		5) Village - Start space for each player
		6) Keep - End space for every player
		
	Powerups are inherited
		1) Store a roll
		2) Increase a roll
		3) Decrese your roll
		4) ... mess with other players
		
	Generic Inheritance:
		All cards have looks that are the same
		Each card has a function that is different
		
5. Players must be able to acquire the items from #4. How?

- Players land on a space that gives them an item
- Players pass a space that give them coins
- Players pass a shop to spend coins to get an item
- Players can only hold hold one item
- If a piece lands on another piece, then the first piece moves back home (even if it is friendly)

6. You must have at least 2 different buildings/structures/upgrades/power-ups that are
related to one another. What are they?

These should be represented either  by one base class and one derived class or
by different instances of the same class, as appropriate for your implementation.

(Implemented as one base class and one derived class)

1) Increase Roll
2) Decrease Roll
3) Set Roll

7. Your game must be multiplayer. How many players will you allow?

4

8. Your game must have well-defined begin and end states. What are they?

Begin state - All pieces at the starting location (home/forest)
End state - One player with all pieces at end location (Fortress/City)

9. (Do you have any other features that you are hoping to incorporate?)

Not really, I am trying to keep this game simple.

Extra Credit (If time)
(5 points) The computer must be able to control any number of the players (including all
players). What will the basic computer strategy be?
(5 points) After each game has been simulated, your GUI should display a graph
showing how many games which player has won so far.